# CodingChallenge
A. Summary
  This program is for the coding challenge exam. It contains the Java Application that will consume CSV file, parse the data, and insert valid records into a SQLite database. I used Java and eclipse ide to create this application and I also used maven for dependencies to create the other part of the program easier. I used SQLite as the database of the program.
  
B. Steps
  So basically the the Coding-Challenge folder is the system itself. Like what I said earlier I used maven to make it easier in some part of creating the program. So you can see the src folder which containts the 3 classes (AddNewData.java, dataBaseConnection.java, and SmallApplication.java). The main program is SmallApplication.java. (1) So by running the SmallApplication class you will see the main program which is a Frame project that has 3 buttons at the top and table. (2) At first you cannot use the Refresh button and the Insert Data button because you need to put a CSV file and it gonna save the data on the database and it will show the data on the table. (3) After you choose a CSV file, you can now use the insert data wherein it will popup the new frame for you to add a new data. (4) In the new frame that will popup, you can now add your data and after putting informations just click the add button and automatically if the data are valid it will save on the database, but if the data are invalid it will save the data in a new csv file which saved in that folder also. And every time you gonna add a data whether it is a valid or invalid, it will always update the logfile of the received data that time. (5) And everytime you gonna add data, that new frame for adding data will automatically close and you can click the refresh button so that table will be updated to see the data that you add. (6) Just change the directory and the name of the database that you gonna use so that there's no error if ever my directory and the name of my database is not same on you.
 
 C. Overview
  In the program, I decided to use default design so that it will just simple but understandable when the user will gonna use it. And the log file and csv file will be the same name of the CSV file that you used that time so that you will not be confuse if what is the name of the invalid data which is in CSV and also in log file. I also used the maven for some dependencies that I searched to optimized the code of the program. And you can see the data labels are A B C D E F G H I J because on the instruction it just label as A B C D E F G H I J and I am confuse of how can I label it by myself to make it more understandable. So I stick on the label and I just assume that the data will be invalid if ever the data are null. I also used the the name of the database "listofinterview" because I just based on the name of the csv file that you provided which is ms3interview.csv. 
